We now put together some configuration for Ingress Engine X, we're now going to open up the host file
on our local machine and make sure that anytime we try to navigate to ticketing div rather than going
to the real ticketing dev that might be somewhere online or on the internet, we'll instead redirect
back to our local machine and access our ingress engine X server.
So to do so, we're going to open up our host file.
As a quick reminder, if you're on macOS or Linux, your host file is at Etsy slash host and that is
the actual file.
That is not a domain right there.
And if you're on windows, it's going to be at that path right there.
As a quick reminder, you need to open up this file with a editor in administrator mode, especially
if you're on Windows.
So I'm on Mac OS, so I'm going to open up inside my code editor the Etsy slash host file.
So you'll see the change we made for our last application.
We're going to add in another entry just like it.
So I'll put in 127001 and I'll make sure I put in the domain name right there equal to whatever I put
back inside of my ingress config file, which is ticketing dev.
So now any time we try to go to ticketing def, we're going to instead connect back to our local machine.
I'll then save this file.
I get a little permissions there.
No problem.
And there we go.
So now to test this out, we should be able to navigate to ticketing dev inside of our browser.
When we go to ticketing, however, that's just going to reach out to our Ingress Engine X server.
We don't really want to reach to the server directly.
We want to go to the route handler we had put together just a moment ago inside of our auth project.
So we specifically want to go to a root of ticketing dot dev slash API users, current user.
And that's how we're going to access this root handler right here.
So let's go over to our browser and try that out right away.
Inside of a new tab.
I'll go to ticketing dot dev slash API users.
Current user.
Now when you come to this URL, you might see an error message like this right here, something that
says your connection is not private.
I know this looks like a very scary ear, but this is just because of some of the default behavior inside
of ingress and Gen X.
You see by default ingress engine x is a web server that's going to try to use an HTTPS connection.
Unfortunately, by default it uses what is called a self sign certificate.
Long story short, Chrome does not trust servers that use self signed certificates.
As a matter of fact, if we come up to not secure right here and click on it and then click on certificate,
it's going to say Kubernetes, ingress controller, fake certificate.
And as you can guess, yeah, Chrome doesn't really like that.
Usually we could get around this message by clicking on Advanced and then there would be a little link
down here.
But unfortunately, kind of a double unfortunate thing.
The Ingress server uses some configuration options that are going to prevent you from trying to circumvent
this warning screen.
And so right now, it seems like we just cannot reach out to that root handler at all.
Well, again, remember, this is an error that's really only affecting us in this development environment,
and it's something that our users are never going to see once we properly configure all this stuff.
So for right now, we're just going to get this error message to go away because Chrome is just doing
something that we don't want it to do.
So to get that message to go away, we are going to type this text right here into that tab.
We're going to type literally on your keyboard.
This is unsafe.
You don't have to select any inputs or anything like that.
You're just going to go over to this tab, click anywhere inside of it, and then type out this is on
safe.
And then that's going to get that air message to be dismissed.
And we should then see how they're actually up here.
Here we go.
Okay.
So now we are able to see some content on the screen.
That means we can reach out to our off server directly, which is fantastic because now we can start
to put together some of this authentication stuff, test it manually for right now and eventually write
some automated tests.
Well.
So let's take a pause right here, and we'll continue in just a minute.